hi infernal priest dagra died glorious
Lord of Darkness I bring before you the
demon statue endowed with life and power
once again yet all is not as it should
be sire can you not sense it it is the
eve of the arrival of the almighty
Archfiend and all the souls gathered in
this place stand ready to be joined as
one yet a heretic of the filthy dragon
lineage Swagger's about polluting our
ritual with his foul stench and you
cannot smell it an unpardonable laps
sire fear not Elizabeth we have
accomplished that which we came here to
do
ruler of blood purge this loathsome
intruder from our midst as you command
good